welcome to the man of recaps its
daredevil season two by night daredevil
protects the innocent with his fists and
by day Matt Murdock protects the
innocent with his law degree the Irish
mob is having a meeting and you know
they're the Irish mob because they've
got lots of potato and corned beef and
then in case they're like with fist gun
and the other gangs we're going to rule
the city now oh we're shot oh what
someone's shooting off the entire mob
getting all of it and goon what a
bloodbath there's one Irish survivor he
tracks down Nelson and Murdock to try to
get legal protection and this one
survivors like yeah it was just one guy
who's this one guy it's the Punisher so
he goes to kill the Irish survivor and
he's shooting at him and Taryn and they
get away in the car but he's ready to
snipe him but just then BOOM daredevil
comes in they have a little fight and
they're going toe-to-toe but then
pressure pulls a gun he's like yeah I
use guns bang shoots him in the head I
know it just grazed him though he's okay
Irish guys making a deal they want him
to wear a wire for a meeting but turns
out they're just using him as bait
because district attorney Reyes wants
the Punisher sure enough the Punisher
shows up what daredevil shows up again
they have a fight round two and the
Punisher wins this time he ties
daredevil up on the roof and we finally
get to see him Oh what up it's Shane
from walking dead he's like look
daredevil you might not feel bad guys
but I do so deal with it then he blows
up the bikes of the dogs of hell he's
gonna live them all out and shoot them
but their duel breaks free and they have
a fight again nuts about this time but
the dogs of Hell are coming up and
they're pissed so it's time for another
one take hallway fight scene yeah
Daredevils taken but this one spilled
down into the staircase he fights his
way all the way down and he makes it out
now the big Irish boss is back in town
and he's very displeased with how things
are going
he sends everyone out to full-on track
the Punisher and they find his apartment
but he's gone because he's living in a
van down by the river they do track him
to the carousel park by the way and
they're like we're taking you in shoots
a bunch of them but they tase him so
they bring them in and they're like look
tell us where our money is there I'm
going to drill your dog he's like what
that's crazy it's in my van down by the
river so they find it but then it's
bombed it explodes all the money in
those guys he breaks free and he's like
I let myself get captured because I want
to kill all you daredevil comes in to
help and they fight for a bit together
but then he's like no no killing
Punisher is pretty beat up though so it
brings him to a cemetery where the cops
come he's like I got the Punisher for
you I'm just going to head on out of
here and so the day is saved and Matt
and Karen's start making how well that's
happening so it's all happy until Bulova
throwing knives out of all of this
it's Elektra Electro's mask college
girlfriend and she was super rich and
she was also a good fight
so they you know had some really great
boxing ring sex and then they were super
in love until one day she caught the
mobster who killed math dad and they
beat him up for a while and she's like
yes now kill him and he's like no I
don't kill people and she's like dill
and broke up with him she's like hey I'm
in town fighting the Yakuza hope you
brought your super suit so daredevil in
Electra beat up the Yakuza together and
she's like oh man
I love killing he's like look you need
to get out of here she's like let's help
me fight the Yakuza that'll leave New
York now Karen is digging for info on
the Punisher she goes to this reporter
and they look around turns out he was an
ace war hero with the good family that
got shot up in some gangland violence
and it looks like there's a big cover-up
Nelson and Murdock decide to take the
Punisher case because they want to get
to the truth but da Reyes isn't happy
about that she wanted him to go away as
fast as possible Matt and Electra I go
to a fancy Yakuza party they're trying
to get the key card from this one
accountant but he's being watched so
matt has to pull a blind card and
accidentally spill wine on him so in the
bathroom you could beat him up take his
key card they go up and they find the
secret ledger and then pull the whole
don't mind us we were just having sex in
your thing to escape the ledger leads
them to the building from season one
that nobody wanted so badly you killed
that old Spanish lady after and what are
they doing with it they're digging a
giant hole what and then boom ninjas
attack like literal ninja and they're
fighting an elector against cut and then
they're about to kill daredevil - but
who's coming in to save them stick yeah
you'll blind man so they're driving out
of there being chased by a horde of
actual ninjas shooting at them with bow
and arrows sticks got a crossbow I have
no idea what genre were in anymore
electors cut was poisoned but stick
heals her with the magic super Emma D
and Max like what is going on here it
sticks like I told you last season it's
the ancient shadow war between good and
evil they're called the hand and that's
like though I don't I don't want to deal
with this year crazy old man meanwhile
The Punisher trial is happening since
max been otherwise occupied foggy has to
take point he's doing a pretty good job
but Karen swings by math department to
see what's up and finds a hot chick in
his bed and a crazy old blind dude in
his living room she's like yeah I think
we're gonna break up he's like that
seems fair Matt shows up for the last
day of trial but here's this cop whisper
something the Punisher and the Punisher
throws the case he's like gamma killer I
love killing lock me up so they do and
the first thing they do is take him to
see
Wilson Fisk when Fisk first got to
prison this other guy's like hey I'm in
charge here but fit starts building his
own gang and he sees an opportunity with
the Punisher he brings him in and he's
like what turns out that other boss guys
it was part of the drug deal where your
family got killed
until Punisher is like
yeah so Punisher goes in to grab the guy
and the guy explains how yeah he's part
a big drug deal between the three gangs
and this other heroin dealer called the
blacksmith but the whole thing it was a
sting operation set up by the DA's
office
so Punisher killed him and he goes back
that the guards don't let him out
instead they open all the other dates
Fisk is like yeah thanks for taking them
out I own the prison now and I'm going
to let you die so you know what that
means it's time for another hallway
fight yeah they're fighting and because
the Punisher doesn't mind killing this
one gets a lot more brutal than the
others and at the end of part she takes
out all those guys because he's just a
beast it feels like wow you're really
good at killing I'm gonna let you out so
you kill all the rival gangs while I'm
stuck in here punch his life as soon as
you get out I'm going to kill you too
and fists like yeah seems fair
so after being in jail for one day
Punisher is back on the streets
daredevil goes to see the accountant
he's like I'm only working with them
because they have my son it leads them
to the place where there's like a lot of
people being drained of their blood into
this big tank thing what the ninja shows
up and he's got the sharp chain weapon
that no who had in season one and they
have a good fight but he gets away and
turns out it is Nobu daredevil like you
I saw you burn to death then it's like
not son I'm good they bring the blood
drain ease to the hospital where
Daredevils nurse friend Claire temple
works but when I tied shut off and
they're all standing there super
creepily Claire Noakes the hell out of
there but there's ninjas coming in and
they stab her friend they're going to
kill her too but their devil comes in
the saber and they throw Claire out the
window a daredevil jumps out classic
superhero diving saves the hospital
wants to cover the whole ninja situation
up but Claire doesn't want to so she
resigns she's ready to go full-time
superhero nurse anyway with the Punisher
out of prison the DA is scared she
admits to how it was a sting operation
and when his family the civilians got
killed she tried to cover it up for her
political career but now boom she's shot
oh they got out of there just in time
for gets hit in the arm and DA Reyes is
dead Punisher goes to Karen he's like I
didn't do it and to prove it because
someone else starts shooting at him he
saves her life they go to this diner
he's like oh by the way I'm using you as
bait go hide in the back because guys
are coming when they come he goes I'll
play blam blam they're like hey who's
framing me they're like it's that heroin
dealer the blacksmith and they tell him
he's down by the docks
Punisher gets there first he's going to
shoot the blacksmith but daredevil shows
up again like no no killing these who
are destined to be best frenemies but
then some more guys show up and they
shoot up the whole boat and pull them
explosion all and it sure looks like the
Punisher is
and somewhere along the line by the way
Karen accidentally became a reporter
she's writing an article on the Punisher
so she goes to see one of his old Marine
commanders but she realizes that he is
the real blacksmith he's like oh you
found out my secret I gotta kill you but
as they're driving into the woods a
truck crashes into him
it's the Punisher he survives and he's
here to save her and get revenge she's
like wait no don't kill him though he's
like one of them keeps saying that I'm
definitely just gonna kill him earlier
Elektra had a fight lipstick she decides
to quit his group so he sends an
assassin to kill her because there's no
quitting but she when she comes up to
fight him but then two of his men make
it to Matt and they're like electric
time I'm trying to kill stick so Matt
busting there he's like no don't kill
stick she's like but I really like
killing but just then a bunch of ninjas
from the hands show up and they manage
to kidnap stick daredevil tracks him in
their secret lair he beats up a bunch of
ninjas he frets you stick but just an
electric shows up she's like haha
now I'm gonna kill stick but just then
know who shows up and he's like haha I'm
going to bow down to you Elektra you are
a black sky and rightful leader of the
hand-sew Vox guy it's like that kid from
season one and apparently they're from
the hand and they're killing machines
that are born every once in a while or
something and stick bound her and tried
to make her into a good guy but she's
like oh no it's my destiny to join the
hand and dinner I was like yo you're in
person you can do whatever you want and
she's like no okay so they fight the
hand together daredevil has a rematch
with noku and he kicks him off the thing
falls to his death just kidding he's
alive again daredevil visits his suit
guy who's made him the nunchuck stick
throwing things that daredevil uses in
the comics so that's cool and then he
goes to visit Police Commissioner Gordon
exactly like Batman I'm telling you the
hand is captured everyone Daredevils
ever saved including Karen page so he
bust in there beats him up and saves him
he's like oh my god baby you all right
and she's like um do I know you like
that and he's like oh yeah secret
identity
so Elektra comes to and they're fighting
a bunch of ninjas but there's just like
an infinite supply of ninjas and that's
like hey if we make it out of this do
you want to be my girlfriend for real
like Facebook official and everything
and she's like yeah you're sweet I touch
your face so they have their final
showdown with Nobu they're like kicking
his butt but then he kicks their butt
and he's about to kill daredevil but
electric jumps in from a sword and takes
a form Oh
self-sacrifice he's like electrode he
can't die she's like you know you're
right I can't I'm already on the cash
list for the defenders but she's dead
for now so daredevil goes after Nobu but
then boom his ninjas get shot by the
Punisher he's like how what's up bro I
told you we'd be best friend means I got
your back since their double grabs Nobu
with his boomerang I'm just
and he throws them off the roof he falls
all the way down he's definitely dead JK
he's fine
he gets up but this time stick is there
he stabs him and he cuts off his head
that's how you actually kill a guy
Nelson and Murdock went out of business
by the way so foggy gets a new
high-paying job with Jerry Hogarth from
Jessica Jones that's cool The Punisher
goes and grabs this mysterious CD in the
hopes that he's cool enough he'll get
his own spin-off someday that goes to
Karen he's like what's up baby my other
girlfriend died so I'm single again
also I'm daredevil what up and the boys
go to electors funeral but grave robbers
oh the hand took her and put her there
crazy blood back to things what's going
to happen I don't know find out in the
defenders
[Music]